"Love is All"
"Episode 13"
"Preceptor Tan in jail,
Tang Tian Yuan to her rescue"
You told me this drug
will only make him lose his voice.
So why was Supernumerary Sun
killed by it?
Silly girl.
Only the dead man...
tells no tale.
You lied to me again.
You promised not to kill innocents
before I was sent there.
But Sang Jie's servants
were all poisoned and killed!
To achieve greatness,
the price must be paid.
It's time for you...
to read the situation.
Follow my lead...
and you will have success.
We had a deal.
I was to be your spy
and not your assassin.
You broke the agreement.
I should just leave you.
You can't even save your own neck.
From now on,
I will never believe
another word from you.
I will not do any of
your dirty biddings!
Stop!
You can throw your life away.
However,
do you not care about the people...
from the District Bureau?
What do you mean?
I am merely taking orders from
someone above my rank.
Who is that?
You can get yourself killed
if you want.
However,
since Tang Fei Long and the others...
know so much information,
my superiors...
would want them silenced.
Think about the consequences.
Commissioner Zheng.
We welcome your presence.
If your boss starting a circus?
I bet you didn't know.
They are trying to get used
to the stage.
Supernumerary Sun died in our premise.
Our business has been slow.
So my Boss is trying to come up
with a new dance number.
But with his sense of aesthetic,
I doubt Miao Sheng Parlour
will ever return to its grace.
Where is Miss Ru Yi?
The business is slow.
My Boss is giving her a day off.
Okay.
Boss.
Are you sure we could get
the business back on track?
Are you kidding me?
Of course we can.
See? The girls are doing their best.
I am their role model.
Up.
Here you are.
I've been looking for you.
Can you feel...
my burning passion for you?
Just take it out.
Here. Eat it while it's warm.
Please.
Spare us some food.
They live on the street
like stray animals.
They barely have a decent meal
and live as drifters.
There is no home or shelter.
Why not choose death over life?
This is a dangerous thought
you have there.
If everyone gives up on living,
they wouldn't get to enjoy...
the wonderful and special bond...
that we share in this world.
If one could barely survive,
bond and love means nothing.
You see the world as a cold place.
But you underestimated
the power of bond.
Look.
Father, you should have this.
-Some people...
-I don't need it.
think enjoying the finest things
in life brings happiness.
But look at them.
The bun covered in filth...
is enough to put a smile
on the boy's face.
You are pretty.
I wish I could...
always stay by your side.
And then...
I can spend forever with you.
Eat it while it's warm.
Preceptor.
We are here to purchase paper,
not for shopping.
He is just being picky.
He could use any paper.
Why must he use this?
According to him,
the paper from
Cheng Xin Paper Store...
is very durable.
With the ink he brought all
the way from the Capital,
the writings will not fade
for another few decades.
It's best for writing paperworks.
Is that so?
Can you differentiate
the paper quality...
from Cheng Xin Paper Store
from the others?
I can tell it apart from
the crude paper.
Fine, enough about that.
Get me a ride,
I can't walk any further.
Preceptor, it's order
from Master Tang.
Unless it's emergency,
we cannot deploy the runner
for our chores.
It's always Master Tang.
You might as well marry him.
Get me a ride, I am paying.
Okay!
See you.
Come again.
That man has a tattoo on his neck.
Silence, come with me.
Who are you?
Why were you following me?
Say it now!
Otherwise I'll kill you.
Now tell me who you are.
I find the necklace
you wear very attractive.
I am planning on getting one
for my lover.
Let me have closer look.
Why were you sneaking up on me?
I apologize.
Let me have a look.
Don't touch my clothing!
Don't be so petty.
Let me have a look.
Touch me again and you will be dead!
I am just taking a look,
I am not touching you.
Now that you've seen it,
perhaps...
Perhaps we should
each go back to our homes.
So long.
Sir!
Sir, where are you?
I am right here.
Sir!
I have a huge lead on the case.
I met a man with tattoo on his neck.
It's the same tattoo found on
those bodied. They must be co-workers.
Where?
Right here.
I mean which street.
On the street south of the city.
He looks mean, around 20 of age.
He even threatened me with a blade.
Luckily, I ran fast.
Be patient. I will tell you.
He has bushy brows.
The brows are thick.
Are you all right? Did he hurt you?
Did he hurt you?
Hurt?
No.
Were you out of your mind?
You can't just approach an ex-convict.
I didn't know for sure if he
was an ex-convict unless I approached.
Are you sure you are fine?
I am the mighty Tan Ling Yin.
He couldn't have caught me.
You were just lucky.
It takes skills to be
as lucky as I am.
Sir!
Sir, a report from Chizhou.
Miao Miao Sheng has been assassinated.
Miao Miao Sheng?
I am dead?
Master Tang.
Master Liu from Han Mo Printing...
was assassinated last night.
After our night long investigation,
we suspect the killer may be
hiding among your rank.
We are here to apprehend the suspect.
Old Liu?
Did you know him?
I hired him to print my books.
This is absurd!
We work as righteous officers,
we would never shelter a suspect!
That's right.
Who do you think is the suspect?
That would be Preceptor Tan.
Tan Ling Yin.
-This is ridiculous!
-Nonsense!
I killed no one!
Why would she want the man dead?
Tan Ling Yin was all out
of inspiration for her writing.
So she hired the victim
to write her work.
The two then had a dispute
because of payment.
Master Liu refused to
write the books for her.
He threatened to exposed her as fraud.
Tan Ling Yin then chose a swift
way to silence the man.
Sir, I didn't do anything.
Master Tang.
Please don't obstruct my duty.
Please allow me to make the arrest.
You are now in Tongling.
If you want to take her,
it would be over our dead bodies!
Sir.
Just give the order.
Me and our brothers...
will use every bit of strength...
to stop them from
taking Preceptor Tan.
Stand down.
-Sir?
-Stand down!
Do you trust me?
Remember what I told you.
As you wish.
Much obliged.
Let her go!
-Commissioner Zheng.
-Tan Ling Yin is now a suspect.
We need to bring her in
for a trial.
Should you obstruct our work,
you shall be arrested as well.
This is nonsense!
We have order from Lord Zong himself.
Any objection?
Of course!
She works here as our Preceptor.
It's been a while
since I last put my blade to use.
I should test my blades against yours!
-Insolence!
-Commissioner Zheng.
Stop.
But...
This is merely their suspicion.
Truth will prevail.
Justice will never let me down.
Don't be silly.
Have you been into a prison?
Do you know how they torture
to get information?
A mere finger clamp...
can cripple your hands for good!
Furthermore,
you would be on Lord Zong's turf.
Let go of Preceptor Tan!
-Aide Zhou?
-Who are you?
-How dare you release our prisoner!
-I didn't mean to.
You use your blade,
you can't deny it!
That's because I wanted
to reason with you.
The is no trial nor evidence yet
for the case.
But you are putting shackles on
Preceptor Tan to walk the street.
If she is proven innocent,
should I hold you accountable?
That is how work is done
in the Prefecture Bureau.
Arresting suspect and putting
shackles is part of protocols!
And who set those protocols?
No part of the laws in our land...
has given authority the right to
put shackles on suspect before trial.
Do you mean to say
His Majesty's law...
can be bent because of
your Lord Zong from Chizhou?
He is right.
Preceptor Tan is innocent.
What if she is hurt during
the transport?
Every inch of her belongs
to the District Bureau.
If you lay a finger on her,
you'll pay for it!
Commissioner Zheng, I am not an item.
Shut it.
We could strike
a better deal with them.
I am not going to argue with you.
When this girl is
convicted for her crime,
when her head is hanging by
the Prefecture Bureau,
you would have nothing more to say.
Press on!
Commissioner Zheng.
Commissioner Zheng,
if you were arrested too,
we'll have no one to rescue her.
You are right.
Old Tang must be worried.
I need to talk to him.
Tang Tian Yuan, you heartless wretch!
Hand over the knife. And remember,
I am Tang Fei Long.
Lord Zong has taken Preceptor Tan
as his prisoner.
Now is not the time for you
to be preparing meal!
The knife.
No.
Miao Miao Sheng was killed.
And Miao Miao Sheng
was arrested for that.
This is intriguing.
Are you seriously considering this
as your payback?
Is this because...
she wrote about you in her books?
So you won't go to her rescue?
Fine. If you won't, I will.
Come back here.
You know they come prepared.
The moment Zong Ying Lin left
a murder took place.
He is clearing trying to
prove his point.
But it's clear to him you are
going up against him.
Why would he bother to blackmail you?
This is his warning for us.
He wants us to stop investigating.
But Preceptor Tan...
could be taken out on his turf.
Or maybe you could reveal
your identity and cover up the case.
I must disagree with your plan.
Only by keeping my identity
hidden from him...
can I get more information.
You can't reveal your true identity.
But there are all sorts of
torture devices there.
There are rats and cockroaches.
Preceptor Tan is but a girl.
How could you let her...
be in there?
How could you leave her there?
You should go to her rescue.
Are you even...
Where are you going?
"Tongling District Bureau"
Commissioner Zheng.
Commissioner Zheng,
where are you going?
To rescue Preceptor Tan from Chizhou.
Thank you for helping just now.
You freed her from those shackles.
What gave you the courage for that?
She is one of us.
I can't let them mistreat her.
It's my duty to deal with injustice.
You are right. We must never left
anyone of us behind, not matter what.
-I am leaving now.
-Hold on.
Master Tang seems to be still working
on paperworks for today.
Are you two going on
separate missions?
He is just too hesitant.
I would be gone for a few days.
I should say goodbye to your cousin.
Stop!
What's wrong?
She told me she is having
an appointment today.
She might not have the time
to see you.
She has a date?
With who?
I need to have a word with
that liar Zhu Da Cong.
I paid him the deposit,
he can't ask her to
serve the customers!
Commissioner Zheng?
Come on, have a seat inside!
Some again next time.
Er Tong.
What is taking you so long
to serve the food?
Here it comes.
-Sit down.
-Okay.
Dig in.
It's been a long day for you too.
Zhu Da Cong!
-Shao Feng?
-Get up!
What is it that got you so anxious?
I paid you the deposit,
I told you I will pay for her deed.
Why did you let her serve other men?
But, I didn't do that.
All the ladies in my premise...
have the right to
pick their own customers.
If she does want to
serve the customers,
it's none of my business.
She has the right to set
a pursuit for her career.
I won't allow that!
From now on, she will serve
no other men, do you hear me?
Commissioner Zheng.
I am running a legal business.
She can at least have dinner
or a chat with them.
No way!
Where is she now?
I have no idea.
And even if she is indeed serving
a guy that you don't like,
well do you see the exit?
outside of that door,
you are the fearsome Commissioner.
-Enjoy.
-Fine, carry on with your dinner.
-Goodbye.
-One more thing,
Preceptor Tan is now a suspect
of a murder case.
so stop eating.
You really are worthless.
Miss Ru Yi?
I saw nothing.
I didn't see anything.
So this is the respect
you have for me?
Do you think you could just
rush into my room...
because of the work I do?
I am here because of
an urgent matter.
I heard from your cousin.
You have a date today.
I just want to see who that man is.
My date has nothing to do with you.
I am a dancer.
I am not your pet.
I can see whoever I want.
Miss Ru Yi, I didn't mean
to upset you.
I was anxious so I got reckless.
If you would be just as reckless
in the future,
the perhaps we should stop
seeing each other.
Please, no.
I will leave you be.
Miss Ru Yi.
I am going to Chizhou.
I am here to let you know
I might be away for some time.
I know that you might not...
care much about me leaving.
But I want you to know.
No matter where I am,
I can't let you worry.
Maybe I should quit this job.
I am a female Preceptor.
I need a personal bodyguard.
Don't you worry.
I will bring her back...
safe and sound.
Master Tang, do you really have to
rescue Preceptor Tan?
I asked around.
On the night Master Liu died,
there is no alibi...
that can help prove her innocence.
What if she really is the killer?
She would be executed
even if you go.
She is not the killer.
Master Tang, you can't judge
a book by its cover.
Even if she is innocent,
if you make a fuss at Chizhou
for Lord Zong,
your action would offend him.
If you were to do it for her,
it wouldn't be worth it...
to ruin your own career.
Who told you to say that?
No one, no one asked me to.
I was merely concerned
for your safety.
Master Tang.
You are destined for a place
far greater than Tongling.
We will return to the Capital
sooner or later.
There is no need for you to waste
any time and effort for an outsider.
Xiang Gua, I want you
to listen closely.
Tan Ling Yin is more than
just a mere outsider for me.
For the first time in my life,
I wanted to be with someone.
It's dinner time.
My bride, hang in there.
Now is not the time for tea!
My bride is eating dirt
for dinner in prison cell.
How could I have the mood
to enjoy this feast?
-Is the money ready?
-Everything is ready.
The carriage is ready too.
Nicely done.
I've told her before.
She shouldn't be working in
the public's eyes.
But she wouldn't listen.
She insisted on writing those books.
Now she gets to be
in a storyline herself.
Instead of making money
from writing books,
she might as well just bribe
the officers of Chizhou.
It will end in three months.
Three months from now,
She will have to marry me anyway.
Master Zhu.
Brother, why are you here?
My sister is taken to prison
in Chizhou, I must rescue her.
But it's the middle of the night,
I can't get any transportation.
-Lend me a carriage...
-No, you mustn't go.
Not only will it not help her,
they might take you as hostage...
and use you against your sister.
I am going to Chizhou
to strike a deal and get her out.
This time,
I will spend all the coins I have
to get her out of there.
What if the Governor won't
accept your bribe money?
We just need to prove...
my sister wrote those books
with her own hands,
that will negate all the allegations
that are against her.
I have some drafts and documents
from my sister.
These should be enough as evidences.
I wanted to hand these
over to Master Tang.
But both he and Commissioner Zheng
left this evening.
Wait.
Tang Fei Long has already left?
Yes.
Brother.
I'll bring your sister back to you...
safe and sound!
Er Tong, watch the house for me.
Master Tang and Ling
has gone through so much...
before they finally found
the corpses of that family.
Have a guess.
Where were the bodies hidden?
Under the ground at the yard?
That is silly, chop the bodies up
and hide them in a wine cellar.
That is too much gore.
Ignore him. Keep going.
Where were the corpses?
Tell us.
While Master Tang thought
he met an dead end,
Ling led him into
the house of the victims.
Ling took a hammer and
tore down the whole wall.
Do you know what was behind the wall?
-What?
-Behind the wall?
-Gold?
-Don't be a miser.
Behind the wall...
were five mutilated bodies.
The constable...
dug out the bodies one by one.
A red thread was found on
four of the bodies,
except for the body of a girl.
Her face was heavily decomposed.
She didn't have a red thread.
-How did that happen?
-She lost it?
-I don't know.
-Do you want to find out?
-Yes.
-Bring me roasted chicken tomorrow.
Yes, as you wish.
Now,
Ling walked towards Master Tang.
"Master Tang."
"Are you looking for this thread?"
What? Don't push me!
Tell us another story.
I am going to bed.
All right, clean up the place.
Old man?
Sir, are you okay?
Sir?
Boss.
May I ask you something?
What is it?
How is the sales of
"Tang Fei Long Mysteries"...
around this place?
It's well received.
The books are always sold out.
Did you know Master Liu
from Han Mo Printing?
He was best known as a miser.
He was petty and liked to boast.
He thought he was only beneath
Miao Miao Sheng...
because of his age.
He was a writer too?
That was many years ago.
But nothing he wrote was remarkable.
No one read it.
That Master Liu was a writer too?
This complicates things for us.
The storylines of the books
are based on our personal experience.
Master Liu would have known any of it.
Which means he was just a scapegoat.
What do we do now?
Preceptor Tan's trial is
two days from now.
Time is running out.
Let's split up.
-Sir.
-Who are you?
I am the Preceptor of Tongling.
Preceptor?
-Yes.
-You have to save me.
I worked as a cook
for the Sang family.
It was you who survived?
They only spared my life because...
they want to know...
if Master Sang...
left any clue that could
lead to the gold mine.
I know nothing.
Master Sang only told him.
Who is he?
Sir?
Sir? Wake up!
"Han Mo Printing"
Old Liu and I had known each other
for a long time.
After I learned of his passing,
I came here right away.
My condolences.
We didn't invite anyone
to the funeral.
May I know how you learned
of his passing?
I hired him to print
scriptures for me.
I come here every month.
But this time,
he was late for days.
I was worried so I wanted
to check on him.
He also mentioned you a lot.
I wish to pay you a visit...
and have some catching up
with both of you.
I see.
Madam.
The long journey made me thirsty.
Could I have some water?
Pardon me, I'll get you some water.
Have you heard?
Miao Miao Sheng has been assassinated!
-Really?
-He is dead?
Miao Miao Sheng is living in Tongling.
What is this nonsense?
That girl from Tongling...
is nothing more than a fraud!
No way!
Her books were all
written by Master Liu!
which is why the Miao Miao Sheng
that died in Chizhou...
was the real Miao Miao Sheng!
I heard about it too.
The books became so popular.
Old Man Liu got upset.
He was asking for more payment.
He and Miao Miao Sheng fought...
and he was killed.
The officers even
arrested the fake Miao Miao Sheng.
You...
You are a bunch of ignorant fools!
Who do you think you are?
That old man was
the real fraud around.
The real Miao Miao Sheng...
was framed and taken
to the prison of Chizhou!
-Don't be ridiculous!
-Nonsense!
Come down here!
What makes you think all she wrote
all the books by herself?
You are not her.
-That's right!
-I am not her,
however...
the main character...
was based on me.
-Who are you?
-Who this creepy man?
Get down!
Don't hit me!
I am the real Zhu Da Cong.
Shao Feng!
Let's go!
Stop hitting me!
Run!
Now is not the time to have tea!
Are you and Master Tang really here
to rescue my bride?
Her trial is tomorrow.
How are you supposed to save her?
Listen, I have a plan.
Except for Lord Zong the Governor,
with all the people
in charge around here,
there will be twelve people I must pay
with 20 taels of silver each.
And 500 taels for the Governor.
The total is 740 taels of silver.
That settles it.
Do you really think money
can solve anything?
Wasn't that enough?
My father is the Governor of Jinan,
this is the best I can offer.
What Zong Ying Lin wants...
is not your money, it's her life.
Are you serious?
An corrupted officer who wants
to kill rather than money?
Now is not the time for you
to enjoy reading love novels!
Because of officers like you,
the agencies have become inefficient.
Bring them up here.
We need them to prove
Preceptor Tan innocent.
Okay, you should have told me.
They are Miao Miao Sheng's
manuscripts from previous works.
But they come with hefty price.
Hefty price?
Since it's hefty, how much is it?
Now that Miao Miao Sheng is in jail,
there won't be any of her books
in the future.
So this is worth at least 50 taels.
50 taels of silver?
A scam, this is a scam!
Bargain for better price.
I want you to humiliate him.
Sure.
Boss.
When I first started
my illegal business,
you were nothing more than an amateur.
Trying to scam me?
You have a lot more to learn.
Do you know who I am?
I am the son of Governor Zhu You Neng.
When they talk about corruption,
they mean me.
Those counterfeit with colour,
those are fine.
Commissioner Zheng, search the drawer
under his counter.
You are sure to find something good.
-Okay.
-Please, don't!
Commissioner Zheng, please.
The price is not a problem.
Five taels.
At least ten taels.
I am running a small business.
Commissioner Zheng.
Check the compartment
under his shelves.
There could be some antiques.
Sure.
Fine, five taels.
Okay, you have a deal.
Here is the money.
Thank you.
I saved you earlier.
That makes us even now. Goodbye.
No, you saved 45 taels thanks to me.
Besides,
if you are rescuing my bride,
just count me in.
This is not a field trip,
we don't need you.
I have the money.
You have the strength.
He has the brain.
The three of us make
a great team together.
You should have some walnut
to boost your brain function.
If you let me join your cause,
should Miss Ru Yi...
have any dance performance,
you get the front row seat.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
Wait for me.